com/example/splashscreen/ShareActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.ShareActivity
com/example/splashscreen/xmlimpJAva.java
 com.example.splashscreen.xmlimpJAva
com/example/splashscreen/Services.java
 com.example.splashscreen.Services
 com.example.splashscreen.Services$1
 com.example.splashscreen.Services$1$1
com/example/splashscreen/HomePage.java
 com.example.splashscreen.HomePage
 com.example.splashscreen.HomePage$1
 com.example.splashscreen.HomePage$2
 com.example.splashscreen.HomePage$2$1
 com.example.splashscreen.HomePage$2$2
 com.example.splashscreen.HomePage$3
com/example/splashscreen/VerifyOTPActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.VerifyOTPActivity
 com.example.splashscreen.VerifyOTPActivity$1
 com.example.splashscreen.VerifyOTPActivity$2
 com.example.splashscreen.VerifyOTPActivity$3
 com.example.splashscreen.VerifyOTPActivity$4
com/example/splashscreen/HistoryActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.HistoryActivity
com/example/splashscreen/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.ProfileActivity
com/example/splashscreen/YourOrderActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.YourOrderActivity
com/example/splashscreen/Signup.java
 com.example.splashscreen.Signup
 com.example.splashscreen.Signup$1
 com.example.splashscreen.Signup$2
 com.example.splashscreen.Signup$2$1
 com.example.splashscreen.Signup$User
com/example/splashscreen/vendorSubServices.java
 com.example.splashscreen.vendorSubServices
 com.example.splashscreen.vendorSubServices$1
 com.example.splashscreen.vendorSubServices$2
 com.example.splashscreen.vendorSubServices$Bill
 com.example.splashscreen.vendorSubServices$Items
 com.example.splashscreen.vendorSubServices$Order
 com.example.splashscreen.vendorSubServices$Sub
 com.example.splashscreen.vendorSubServices$minCharge
com/example/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 com.example.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 com.example.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
com/example/splashscreen/MainActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.MainActivity
com/example/splashscreen/MenuActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.MenuActivity
 com.example.splashscreen.MenuActivity$1
 com.example.splashscreen.MenuActivity$2
com/example/splashscreen/AboutUsActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.AboutUsActivity
com/example/splashscreen/FAQsActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.FAQsActivity
com/example/splashscreen/hashPass.java
 com.example.splashscreen.hashPass
com/example/splashscreen/Login.java
 com.example.splashscreen.Login
 com.example.splashscreen.Login$1
 com.example.splashscreen.Login$2
 com.example.splashscreen.Login$3
 com.example.splashscreen.Login$3$1
android/support/constraint/Guideline.java
 android.support.constraint.Guideline
com/example/splashscreen/verify.java
 com.example.splashscreen.verify
com/example/splashscreen/userAddress.java
 com.example.splashscreen.userAddress
 com.example.splashscreen.userAddress$1
 com.example.splashscreen.userAddress$2
 com.example.splashscreen.userAddress$3
 com.example.splashscreen.userAddress$3$1
 com.example.splashscreen.userAddress$Address
com/example/splashscreen/SettingActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.SettingActivity
com/example/splashscreen/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.splashscreen.BuildConfig
com/example/splashscreen/SendOTPActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.SendOTPActivity
 com.example.splashscreen.SendOTPActivity$1
 com.example.splashscreen.SendOTPActivity$1$1
com/example/splashscreen/bookNow.java
 com.example.splashscreen.bookNow
 com.example.splashscreen.bookNow$1
 com.example.splashscreen.bookNow$1$1
 com.example.splashscreen.bookNow$2
 com.example.splashscreen.bookNow$2$1
 com.example.splashscreen.bookNow$3
 com.example.splashscreen.bookNow$ADT
com/example/splashscreen/ChangePasswordActivity.java
 com.example.splashscreen.ChangePasswordActivity
 com.example.splashscreen.ChangePasswordActivity$1
com/example/splashscreen/confirmOrder.java
 com.example.splashscreen.confirmOrder
 com.example.splashscreen.confirmOrder$1
 com.example.splashscreen.confirmOrder$2
 com.example.splashscreen.confirmOrder$Sub
com/example/splashscreen/paymentGateway.java
 com.example.splashscreen.paymentGateway
 com.example.splashscreen.paymentGateway$order
